feat(tracing): add support for propagating B3 headers (#3425)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

     - The trace API version to use when sending traces to the Datadog agent.
       Currently, the supported versions are: ``v0.3``, ``v0.4`` and ``v0.5``.

       .. _dd-trace-propagation-style-extract:
   * - ``DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT``
     - String
     - ``datadog``

>      - Comma separated list of trace context headers to look for when parsing incoming requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of propagation styles used for extracting trace context from inbound request headers.
```

>      - Comma separated list of trace context headers to look for when parsing incoming requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of trace context headers to look for when parsing incoming requests headers.
```
```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of trace context headers to look for when parsing incoming requests.
```

       The supported values are ``datadog``, ``b3``, and ``b3 single header``.

>        When checking for request context we will take the first valid context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       When checking incoming request headers we will take the first valid trace context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,
```
```suggestion
       When checking for request context we will take the first valid context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,
```

>        When checking for request context we will take the first valid context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       When checking incoming request headers we will take the first valid trace context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,
```
```suggestion
       When checking for request context we will take the first valid context in the order ``datadog``, ``b3``,
```

       then ``b3 single header``.

       Example: ``DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT="datadog,b3"`` to check for both ``x-datadog-*`` and ``x-b3-*``
       headers when parsing incoming request headers for a trace context.

       .. _dd-trace-propagation-style-inject:
   * - ``DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT``
     - String
     - ``datadog``

>      - Comma separated list of trace context headers to inject into outbound requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of propagation styles used for injecting trace context into outbound request headers.
```

>      - Comma separated list of trace context headers to inject into outbound requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of trace context to inject into outbound request headers.
```
```suggestion
     - Comma separated list of trace context headers to inject into outbound requests.
```
